Review Network Policy Ingress rules during Service debugging (#30478)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/debug-service.md

here uses a different port number than the Pods.  For many real-world
Services, these values might be the same.

## Any Network Policy Ingress rules affecting the target Pods?

If you have deployed any Network Policy Ingress rules which may affect incoming
traffic to `hostnames-*` Pods, these need to be reviewed.

> Please refer to [Network Policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/)
> for advanced details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Network Policies](/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/) for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: Hey @tengqm can you tell why we follow the url in a format `/docs/concept` and not `https://` as I have seen the Url format you suggested would give error in github while the other url won't give in github as well as actual website

Author: Oh my bad @tengqm, missed this. +1 adding.

Reviewer 3: @AvineshTripathi 

if you use the absolute or full url (`https://kubernetes.io/docs/concept`), the link will always direct the browser to that path at *the latest main version*.

if you use the relative form (`/docs/concept`), the link will direct the browser to that path at the *version the user was previously browsing*. such as https://v1-20.docs.kubernetes.io/
